---
layout: test-job.html
title: Technical Account Manager
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Curabitur blandit tempus porttitor..
page_class: home
---

<h1>Technical Account Manager<span>San Mateo</span></h1>
<div class='job-verbiage'>
    <div class='job-description'>
        <p><span id="docs-internal-guid-ac2b3fe2-d842-4cf6-09f7-e22d0104ed86"></span></p><p dir="ltr">The Technical Account Manager<span id="selectionBoundary_1523938883703_44853242165233675" class="rangySelectionBoundary">&#65279;</span> will be working side by side with our large Enterprise customers, establishing a healthy, trustworthy relationship with customers’ stakeholders to ensure long term success of PerimeterX and our Enterprise customers.</p><p><br/></p><p dir="ltr">You will work closely with our Product Managers, Marketing, Solutions Architects, Compliance, and Customer Operations increasing customer engagement.</p><p><br/></p><p><br/></p>
    </div>
    <div class='job-requirements'>
        <h2>Job Requirements</h2>
        <ul><li dir="ltr">Influence the Customer Success roadmap (escalations, training, advocacy, etc).</li><li dir="ltr">Develop and execute strategic account plans with a focus on increasing product adoption and minimizing lost monthly recurring revenue.</li><li dir="ltr">Conduct Customer Business Reviews to ensure alignment for consistent and timely collaboration with customers.</li><li dir="ltr">Work with Product and Marketing to educate customers on upcoming product releases, industry updates, and new threats.</li><li dir="ltr">Proactively monitor and track contract usage, products consumption gaps, and traffic patterns to identify opportunities and address potential future issues.</li><li dir="ltr">Monitor customer health, isolate problems, and respond strategically to mitigate risk.</li><li dir="ltr">Assist with business development activities, such as driving attendance to events and maintaining accurate account information in Salesforce for marketing activities.<br class="kix-line-break"><br class="kix-line-break"></li></ul><p dir="ltr">Required Qualifications<br class="kix-line-break"></p><ul><li dir="ltr">Bachelor’s degree in business or engineering</li><li dir="ltr">5+ years of experience in an Account Management, Customer Success, or Technical Support Engineering with a successful track record of meeting or exceeding quota/target metrics<br class="kix-line-break"><br class="kix-line-break"></li></ul><p dir="ltr">Desired Qualifications<br class="kix-line-break"></p><ul><li dir="ltr">Previous experience working in CDN, web security, or network security environments</li><li dir="ltr">Strong verbal (phone), written (email), and visual (presentation) communication skills</li><li dir="ltr">Strong analytical and problem-solving skills</li><li dir="ltr">Web technologies and development</li></ul><p><br></p>
    </div>
</div>
<div class='job-application'>
    <h2>Apply for this Job</h2>
    <script type='comeet-applyform' data-position-uid='2A.608'></script>
</div>