---
layout: test-job.html
title: Cyber Security Analyst
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Curabitur blandit tempus porttitor..
page_class: home
---

<h1>Cyber Security Analyst<span>Tel Aviv</span></h1>
<div class='job-verbiage'>
    <div class='job-description'>
        <p><br></p><p>We are looking for driven and talented employees to work as</p><p><b>Cyber Security Analyst</b></p><p>to join our research team. You will join a leading team fighting off cybercriminals from commerce and media websites and help clean up the internet from bad bots.</p><p><br></p><p>Job includes:</p><p><br></p><ul><li>Threat management - understands the threats our customers face and the mitigation needed for each case.</li><li>Actively lead in-depth cybersecurity research - define the necessary research questions, research the data and validate the possible effects on customers’ traffic and product accuracy.<br></li><li>Responsible for product accuracy - improving the product’s ability to detect and mitigate real-time cyberattacks<span style="font-size: 13px;">.</span><br></li><li><span style="font-size: 13px;">Lead dedicated research for our VIP customers, optimize the system and develop additional unique detections for the product.</span><br></li><li><span style="font-size: 13px;">Joint research and work processes with our data science team - adjusting and reviewing the results based on scientific data analysis and models.</span><br></li></ul>
    </div>
    <div class='job-requirements'>
        <h2>Job Requirements</h2>
        <ul><li>In-depth knowledge of web architecture and protocols (CDN, HTML, DOM, JS, HTTP, HTTPS, TLS/SSH, IPv4/v6 etc.)</li><li>SQL Proficiency<br></li><li>Passionate about data</li><li>Autodidact<br></li><li>Good English (Read and Write)</li><li>Can work under pressure.<br></li></ul><p><br></p><p><u style="font-size: 13px;">Advantage:</u></p><ul><li>JavaScript&nbsp;programming&nbsp;</li><li>Understanding of OWASP paradigms of web and mobile.</li><li>Loves all thing security</li><li>Statistics and probability</li><li>Experience with Big Data</li><li>Python&nbsp;programming</li></ul><ul></ul><p><br></p>
    </div>
</div>
<div class='job-application'>
    <h2>Apply for this Job</h2>
    <script type='comeet-applyform' data-position-uid='38.50A'></script>
</div>