---
layout: test-job.html
title: Intelligence Analyst
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Curabitur blandit tempus porttitor..
page_class: home
---

<h1>Intelligence Analyst<span>Tel Aviv</span></h1>
<div class='job-verbiage'>
    <div class='job-description'>
        <p><span>PerimeterX is a provider of scalable, behavior-based threat protection technology for the web, cloud and mobile. Our security service accurately protects commerce, media and enterprise websites from all types of automated or non-human attacks, at any scale.</span></p><p><span><br/></span></p><p><span>We are looking for an </span><span><b>Intelligence Analyst</b> to join our research group.</span></p><p><br/></p><p>This is a unique intelligence role, in which you will be responsible for collecting information on malware, botnets, dark-web forums, and more using OSINT and other sources. You'll create and manage a roadmap of security threats, identify intelligence sources, analyze and evaluate the collected intel. You'll draw actionable conclusions from the entire information and distribute them to internal consumers.  You will have a unique opportunity to combine technology and information gathering regarding some of the latest threats in the web.</p><p><br/></p><p><u>The job will include:</u></p><ol><ol><li>Getting access to relevant forums to gather unique information.</li><li>Sorting through tweets, blog posts, products' updates, github repositories, dark-web marketplaces and forums.</li><li>Identifying information relevant for our product, research or customers.</li><li>Generate intel summaries to be used internally in the company.</li></ol></ol><p><br/></p><p>Position can both full-time or part-time.</p>
    </div>
    <div class='job-requirements'>
        <h2>Job Requirements</h2>
        <ul><li>Intelligence gathering experience</li><li>Fluent in english</li><li>Data mining experience</li><li>Fast and focused</li></ul><p>Advantages:</p><ul><ul><li>Read and write in Russian</li><li>Read and write in Chinese</li><li>Acquainted with dark-web forums and marketplaces</li><li>Script programming and/or writing crawlers</li><li>Experience with big data and or NLP.</li></ul></ul><p><br></p>
    </div>
</div>
<div class='job-application'>
    <h2>Apply for this Job</h2>
    <script type='comeet-applyform' data-position-uid='62.409'></script>
</div>