---
layout: test-job.html
title: IT Manager
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Curabitur blandit tempus porttitor..
page_class: home
---

<h1>IT Manager<span>Tel Aviv</span></h1>
<div class='job-verbiage'>
    <div class='job-description'>
        <p dir="ltr">PerimeterX is a provider of scalable, behavior-based threat protection technology for the web, cloud and mobile. Our security service accurately protects commerce, media and enterprise websites from all types of automated or non-human attacks, at any scale.<br></p><p dir="ltr"><br></p><p dir="ltr">We are looking for a talented, one-man show, IT Manager, to manage the global IT needs of PerimeterX.</p><p dir="ltr"><br></p><p><b>Responsibilities:</b><br></p><p dir="ltr">Provide effective, friendly and customer-oriented IT support for all tasks that includes work laptops and station setup, IT help desk, printers, scanners, IP phones etc.</p><p dir="ltr">Establish and monitor security infrastructure, including firewalls, antiviruses, VPN, etc.</p><p dir="ltr">Support Windows, Mac and Linux workstations.</p><p dir="ltr">Manage local storage</p><p dir="ltr">Manage SaaS services (G-Suite, Office365, Atlassian, etc)</p><p dir="ltr">Manage cloud services (as VM instances, storage and etc)</p><p dir="ltr">Automate IT processes.</p><p dir="ltr">Administrate LAN, WLAN and WAN</p><p dir="ltr">Purchasing IT equipment and managing vendors.</p><p dir="ltr">Maintain standards for IT hardware and software, and administer IT policies.</p><p dir="ltr">Manage IP phone system and phones/devices</p><p dir="ltr">Manage video-conferencing solution for our global locations</p>
    </div>
    <div class='job-requirements'>
        <h2>Job Requirements</h2>
        <p dir="ltr">Proven experience in varied IT domains (4 -5 years).</p><p dir="ltr">Proven Experience in security. &nbsp;</p><p dir="ltr">Proven experience in Help Desk or similar position.</p><p dir="ltr">Proven IT experience in Windows and Linux.</p><p dir="ltr">Hands-on knowledge in LAN, WLAN and WAN.</p><p dir="ltr">Experience in at least two scripting languages (i.e. bash, Python)</p><p dir="ltr"><br></p><p dir="ltr">Advantages:</p><p dir="ltr">Degree in science or engineering from known University</p><p dir="ltr">Experience in managing IT for a global company with multiple locations </p><p dir="ltr">Experience with PBX and IP phones</p>
    </div>
</div>
<div class='job-application'>
    <h2>Apply for this Job</h2>
    <script type='comeet-applyform' data-position-uid='76.701'></script>
</div>