---
layout: test-job.html
title: Web Security Researcher
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Curabitur blandit tempus porttitor..
page_class: home
---

<h1>Web Security Researcher<span>Tel Aviv</span></h1>
<div class='job-verbiage'>
    <div class='job-description'>
        <p><span style="font-size: 13px;">PerimeterX is a provider of scalable, behavior-based threat protection technology for the web, cloud and mobile. Our security service accurately protects commerce, media and enterprise websites from all types of automated or non-human attacks, at any scale.<br/></span></p><p><span style="font-size: 13px;"><br/></span></p><p><span style="font-size: 13px;">We are looking for talented and experienced </span><b style="font-size: 13px;">Web Security Researcher</b><span style="font-size: 13px;"> to join our research team. If you are an accomplished Web Security Researcher or a Web Vulnerability Researcher, come join us!</span><br/></p><p><br/></p><p>We have plenty of interesting challenges to tackle, and you will be able to address any and all of them, including malware analysis, browser identification, bots deception, fraud mitigation and more.</p><p><br/></p><p><u>What you’ll be doing</u>:</p><p>Working along side other security researchers, data scientists and analysts. We are all about teamwork.<br/></p><p>Research web-oriented attacks on web-sites and how to detect and mitigate them.</p><p>Search and build new methods for bot deception, data collection and traffic manipulation.</p><p>Try and bypass our protections, and provide methods to defend against yourself.</p>
    </div>
    <div class='job-requirements'>
        <h2>Job Requirements</h2>
        <ul><li>Python&nbsp;programming, preferably web-oriented</li><li>Web: JS, HTML[5], CSS, Flash, ActiveX, VBScript</li><li>Server-side: Ruby, PHP, Node.JS, .NET</li><li>Web Application: Vulnerability Research and/or Penetration Testing</li><li>Reverse Engineering: Applications and OS Internals, JS deobfuscation, Browser Extensions and Add-Ons, Flash</li></ul><p>Advantages:</p><ul><li>Experience with Big Data<br></li><li>Like to build things from the ground up<br></li><li>  Able to write publishable content (very good English required)  <br></li><li>  Able to speak in front of variable audiences (Present in conferences and events)  <br></li></ul>
    </div>
</div>
<div class='job-application'>
    <h2>Apply for this Job</h2>
    <script type='comeet-applyform' data-position-uid='E1.300'></script>
</div>